docs/initialisation.md, before:

A Quaternion object can be created in the following ways:

# Default
Creates a unit quaternion, `1 + 0i + 0j + 0k` the quaternion representation of the real number 1.0.

		q1 = Quaternion()

For the purposes of rotation, this is a null quaternion (has no effect when rotating).
For the purposes of quaternion multiplication, this is a unit quaternion (has no effect when multiplying)


# Copy
Clone another quaternion object

		q2 = Quaternion(q1)

> Raises `TypeError` if the provided object is not an instance of Quaternion, or any valid positional argument as outlined below.

# Random 
Create a random quaternion that describes a rotation randomly chosen from a uniform distribution across the rotation space. [Source](http://planning.cs.uiuc.edu/node198.html).

This is a class method and is called as a method of the class itself rather than on a particular instance.
		
		q3 = Quaternion.random() # called as a class method
	
# From scalar
Create the quaternion representation of a scalar (single real number) value.

		q4 = Quaternion(4.7349)
		q4 = Quaternion(-3)
		q4 = Quaternion("4.7349")
		q4 = Quaternion("98")
		
The imaginary part of the resulting quaternion will always be `0i + 0j + 0k`.
The scalar can be a real number, or a string representing a real number.	
> Raises `TypeError` if the provided value cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if a provided string cannot be interpreted as a real number.

# From elements
Create a quaternion by specifying 4 real-numbered scalar elements.

		q5 = Quaternion(1, 1, 0, 0)
		q5 = Quaternion("1.0", "0", ""0.347"", "0.0")
		q5 = Quaternion("1.76", 0, 0, 0)
		
Elements can be real numbers, strings representing real numbers, or a mixture of both.

> Raises `TypeError` if any of the provided values cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if any of the provided strings cannot be interpreted as a real number.

# From a Numpy array
Create a quaternion from the elements of a 4-element Numpy array

		q6 = Quaternion(numpy.array([a, b, c, d]))
		
The elements a, b, c, d of the array correspond the the real, and each imaginary component respectively in the order a + bi + cj + dk.
	
> Raises `TypeError` if any of the array contents cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the array contains less/more than 4 elements
	
# From a sequence
Create a quaternion object from a sequence containing 4 real valued scalar elements

		q7 = Quaternion((a, b, c, d)) // from 4-tuple
		q7 = Quaternion([a, b, c, d]) // from list of 4 
		
The sequential elements a, b, c, d of the sequence correspond the the real, and each imaginary component respectively in the order a + bi + cj + dk.

> Raises `TypeError` if any of the sequence contents cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the sequence contains less/more than 4 elements
	
# Using named parameters:

## Explicitly by element
Specify each element, using any sequence of ordered labels
		
		q8a = Quaternion(a=1.0, b=0.0, c=0.0, d=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(w=1.0, x=0.0, y=0.0, z=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(a=1.0, i=0.0, j=0.0, k=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(q1=1.0, q2=0.0, q3=0.0, q4=0.0)
		
> Exception behaviour is the same as initialisation by element as described above.

## Explicitly by component
Specify the scalar (real) and vector (imaginary) parts of the desired quaternion.
		
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=(0.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=numpy.array([0.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
		
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=(0.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=numpy.array([0.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
Either of ( *scalar* | *real* ) and ( *vector* | *imaginary* ) may be absent, *'None'* or empty, and will be assumed to be zero in that case.
> Raises `ValueError` if the vector/imaginary component contains less/more than 3 elements

## Explicitly by rotation parameters
Specify the angle (in radians) for a rotation about an axis vector [x, y, z] to be described by the quaternion object.
	
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=(1.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=[1.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=numpy.array([1.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
> Raises `ValueError` if either *angle* or *axis* is missing - both must be provided to describe a meaningful rotation.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the axis vector contains less/more than 3 elements 
> 
> Raises `ZeroDivisionError` if the axis vector has 0 length.

## Explicitly by rotation or transformation matrix
Specify the 3x3 rotation or 4x4 transformation matrix (as a numpy array) from which the quaternion's rotation should be created. 

Note: when using a transformation matrix as a basis, the translation part will be ignored, and only the rotational component of the matrix will be encoded within the quaternion.
	
		rotation = numpy.eye(3)
		transformation = numpy.eye(4)
		q8d = Quaternion(matrix=rotation) // Using 3x3 rotation matrix
		q8d = Quaternion(matrix=transformation) // Using 4x4 transformation matrix
 
 	
 
> Raises `ValueError` if the matrix is not 3x3 or 4x4.
>
> Raises `TypeError` if the matrix is of the wrong type
 
## Explicitly by a numpy array
Specify a numpy 4-array of quaternion elements to be assigned directly to the internal vector representation of the quaternion object.
		
		q8e = Quaternion(array=numpy.array([1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0]))
		
This is more direct, and may be faster than feeding a numpy array as a positional argument to the initialiser.
> Raises `ValueError` if the array vector contains less/more than 4 elements

Commit message:

Initialisation from R and T matrices
- Implement initialisation from orthogonal rotation matrices
- Fix testing issue with python 2.7

docs/initialisation.md, after:

A Quaternion object can be created in the following ways:

# Default
Creates a unit quaternion, `1 + 0i + 0j + 0k` the quaternion representation of the real number 1.0.

		q1 = Quaternion()

For the purposes of rotation, this is a null quaternion (has no effect when rotating).
For the purposes of quaternion multiplication, this is a unit quaternion (has no effect when multiplying)


# Copy
Clone another quaternion object

		q2 = Quaternion(q1)

> Raises `TypeError` if the provided object is not an instance of Quaternion, or any valid positional argument as outlined below.

# Random 
Create a random quaternion that describes a rotation randomly chosen from a uniform distribution across the rotation space. [Source](http://planning.cs.uiuc.edu/node198.html).

This is a class method and is called as a method of the class itself rather than on a particular instance.
		
		q3 = Quaternion.random() # called as a class method
	
# From scalar
Create the quaternion representation of a scalar (single real number) value.

		q4 = Quaternion(4.7349)
		q4 = Quaternion(-3)
		q4 = Quaternion("4.7349")
		q4 = Quaternion("98")
		
The imaginary part of the resulting quaternion will always be `0i + 0j + 0k`.
The scalar can be a real number, or a string representing a real number.	
> Raises `TypeError` if the provided value cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if a provided string cannot be interpreted as a real number.

# From elements
Create a quaternion by specifying 4 real-numbered scalar elements.

		q5 = Quaternion(1, 1, 0, 0)
		q5 = Quaternion("1.0", "0", ""0.347"", "0.0")
		q5 = Quaternion("1.76", 0, 0, 0)
		
Elements can be real numbers, strings representing real numbers, or a mixture of both.

> Raises `TypeError` if any of the provided values cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if any of the provided strings cannot be interpreted as a real number.

# From a Numpy array
Create a quaternion from the elements of a 4-element Numpy array

		q6 = Quaternion(numpy.array([a, b, c, d]))
		
The elements a, b, c, d of the array correspond the the real, and each imaginary component respectively in the order a + bi + cj + dk.
	
> Raises `TypeError` if any of the array contents cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the array contains less/more than 4 elements
	
# From a sequence
Create a quaternion object from a sequence containing 4 real valued scalar elements

		q7 = Quaternion((a, b, c, d)) // from 4-tuple
		q7 = Quaternion([a, b, c, d]) // from list of 4 
		
The sequential elements a, b, c, d of the sequence correspond the the real, and each imaginary component respectively in the order a + bi + cj + dk.

> Raises `TypeError` if any of the sequence contents cannot be converted to a real number.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the sequence contains less/more than 4 elements
	
# Using named parameters:

## Explicitly by element
Specify each element, using any sequence of ordered labels
		
		q8a = Quaternion(a=1.0, b=0.0, c=0.0, d=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(w=1.0, x=0.0, y=0.0, z=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(a=1.0, i=0.0, j=0.0, k=0.0)
		q8a = Quaternion(q1=1.0, q2=0.0, q3=0.0, q4=0.0)
		
> Exception behaviour is the same as initialisation by element as described above.

## Explicitly by component
Specify the scalar (real) and vector (imaginary) parts of the desired quaternion.
		
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=(0.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8b = Quaternion(scalar=1.0, vector=numpy.array([0.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
		
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=(0.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8b = Quaternion(real=1.0, imaginary=numpy.array([0.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
Either of ( *scalar* | *real* ) and ( *vector* | *imaginary* ) may be absent, *'None'* or empty, and will be assumed to be zero in that case.
> Raises `ValueError` if the vector/imaginary component contains less/more than 3 elements

## Explicitly by rotation parameters
Specify the angle (in radians) for a rotation about an axis vector [x, y, z] to be described by the quaternion object.
	
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=(1.0, 0.0, 0.0)) // Using 3-tuple
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=[1.0, 0.0, 0.0]) // Using list
		q8c = Quaternion(angle=math.pi/2, axis=numpy.array([1.0, 0.0, 0.0])) // Using Numpy 3-array
> Raises `ValueError` if either *angle* or *axis* is missing - both must be provided to describe a meaningful rotation.
>
> Raises `ValueError` if the axis vector contains less/more than 3 elements 
> 
> Raises `ZeroDivisionError` if the axis vector has 0 length.

## Explicitly by rotation or transformation matrix
Specify the 3x3 rotation or 4x4 transformation matrix (as a numpy array or matrix) from which the quaternion's rotation should be created. 

When using a transformation matrix as a basis, the translation part will be ignored, and only the rotational component of the matrix will be encoded within the quaternion. 

**Important:** The rotation component of the provided matrix must be a pure rotation i.e. [special orthogonal](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/SpecialOrthogonalMatrix.html).


This code uses a modification of the algorithm described in [Converting a Rotation Matrix to a Quaternion](https://d3cw3dd2w32x2b.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/matrix-to-quat.pdf), which is itself based on the method described [here](http://www.euclideanspace.com/maths/geometry/rotations/conversions/matrixToQuaternion/).
	
		rotation = numpy.eye(3)
		transformation = numpy.eye(4)
		q8d = Quaternion(matrix=rotation) // Using 3x3 rotation matrix
		q8d = Quaternion(matrix=transformation) // Using 4x4 transformation matrix
 
>**Note:** Both matrices and quaternions avoid the singularities and discontinuities involved with rotation in 3 dimensions by adding extra dimensions. This has the effect that different values could represent the same rotation, for example quaternion q and -q represent the same rotation. It is therefore possible that, when converting a rotation sequence, the output may jump between these equivalent forms. This could cause problems where subsequent operations such as differentiation are done on this data. Programmers should be aware of this issue.
 
> Raises `ValueError` if the matrix is not 3x3 or 4x4 or if the matrix is not special orthogonal.
>
> Raises `TypeError` if the matrix is of the wrong type
 
## Explicitly by a numpy array
Specify a numpy 4-array of quaternion elements to be assigned directly to the internal vector representation of the quaternion object.
		
		q8e = Quaternion(array=numpy.array([1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0]))
		
This is more direct, and may be faster than feeding a numpy array as a positional argument to the initialiser.
> Raises `ValueError` if the array vector contains less/more than 4 elements
